Audio for Waterfall used from https://mixkit.co/

User terms as taken from the site:

Items under the Mixkit Sound Effects Free License can be used in your commercial and non-commercial projects for free.

You are licensed to use the Item to create an End Product that incorporates the Item as well as other things, so that it is larger in scope and different in nature than the Item. You’re permitted to download, copy, modify, distribute and publicly perform the Sound Effect Items on any web or social media platform, in podcasts and in video games, as well as in films and presentations distributed on CDs, DVDs, via TV or radio broadcast or internet based video on demand services.

You can’t redistribute the Item on its own, as stock, in a tool or template, or with source files. You’re also not allowed to claim them as your own or register them on any rights management service.

There are some important limits to these rights, described in our User Terms.


The Mixkit User Terms, our Privacy Policy and the Mixkit License apply to your use of mixkit.co and any other Mixkit-branded services owned or operated by Envato Pty Ltd (we, us, our). We’ll try to keep this short.

Mixkit is an online content service where we make certain content available for download (Items).
Your use of our Items is subject to our Mixkit License. There are a couple of important limits to your license rights: you must not (a) use an Item to build a service or product that is similar or competitive with Mixkit (or try to); (b) aggregate or collate an Item(s) and make available on a stock or inventory basis; (c) use an Item in the context of adult content (such as nudity or sexual services), supply of weapons or gambling services, exploitation of children, hate speech, defamatory content, misleading or deceptive conduct, or any illegal activity; or (d) sell physical or digital copies of Items without first altering them by applying skill and effort, and incorporating other elements (merely printing an Item on an object such as a mug or shirt is not sufficient alteration). The provisions of the Mixkit License continue to apply to all use of the Item, even when you sub-license or transfer it.
Items can contain trademarks or brands owned by third parties that have not been cleared for use by you. It is your responsibility to evaluate whether your use of these Items requires the permission of those third parties and if so, to obtain that permission.
As Mixkit is a free service, Mixkit (and Items) are made available to you on an “as is” basis and without warranties of any kind, express or implied. To the fullest extent permitted by law, whether under contract, tort or otherwise, we exclude liability to you, including indirect loss, damage or expense. Our total liability to you is limited to $10 USD.
Please remember that your use of Mixkit, Items and the context in which the Items are used by you, are solely your responsibility. You indemnify us against all losses, costs (including legal costs) and liability that we incur in connection with a third party claim relating to your use of Mixkit and Items.
As we continue to develop and improve the Mixkit service, we may amend these terms or even cease providing the service at any time. In addition to any other legal rights we have, we can terminate your license rights (and require that you cease all use of Items) if you breach the Mixkit License or User Terms.
The laws of Victoria, Australia govern these terms, and you submit to the jurisdiction of the courts there for the resolution of any dispute between us.
By continuing to access our service you agree to be bound by these terms.
We respect intellectual property rights. Read more in our Copyright Policy.

Copyright policy


We respect the intellectual property rights of others and ask that our contributors do the same. We also enforce a policy of terminating the upload rights of repeat infringers.

If you believe that any material posted to our site infringes your copyrighted works, please let us know. You may submit a notification of claimed infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).

The notification should include:

Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you (such as full name, address, phone number, email address).
The following statements:
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Your physical or electronic signature.
The notification should be addressed to our Designated Copyright Agent, Envato Pty Ltd, via email to copyright@envato.com or post to 121 King St, Melbourne, Vic Australia 3000.

----------------------------

Audio for LoFi background sound used from https://www.chosic.com/free-music/lofi/
Unknown artist: lofi forest rain

----------------------------

Content made using learning templates from ThreeJS Journey

---------------------------

Content not being used for commercial purposes

